Eyes are afraid of three long and two short
Afraid of two short and one long
Why do I feel so frightened?
Nothing will happen to the spring night, right?
Grandpa, I'm back.
Oops, don't use umbrellas in the house
Grandpa, you threw his umbrella away
The old saying goes, no umbrellas in the house.
No one is left in the rainy night
You came back from the mass grave
I'm afraid there are some dirty things hidden in the umbrella.
You fight in the house
You bring the dirty stuff into your house.
Hey, not grandpa
Where are you going that night?
I asked my father to cheat from the Patriarch's Hall
Make an appointment tomorrow morning
You have to knock some patriarchs in the Patriarch's Museum
I'm leaving now
I'll be there tomorrow morning.
You close the doors and windows at home
Don't go out there